Key Features of Sony PlayStation 4 (PS4) 500 GB
USB 3.0
Ethernet Connection
HDMI Output
500 GB Hard Disk
Sony PS4
Features such as an exceptional graphics performance and a customized memory make the PlayStation4 an immersive gaming experience. A processor that is 10 times more powerful than the PlayStation3 creates a setting that is bigger and bolder.

Performance
CPU x86-64
AMD Jaguar
GPU 1.84
TFLOPS
RAM 8 GB
GDDR5

A single-chip custom processor ensures that your games run without a glitch while the 8 core Jaguar low power x86-64 AMD CPU allows for a smooth flow. An 8GB Graphics Card allows for an incredible gaming experience, supporting the most superior games. A 1.84 TFLOPS, AMD next-generation Radeon™ based graphics engine further enhances the experience.

DUALSHOCK 4
The all-new DUALSHOCK 4 wireless controller brings inspired play to your hands. Featuring a host of brand new design changes like the SHARE button to show off your greatest gaming moments, a new touch pad, a speaker as well as a 3.5 mm audio jack built into the controller itself and a colored light bar, while still retaining the trademark layout of the Dualshock 3 we have all come to recognize and love, this is some of Sony's best work yet. Easy drags, drops and flicks are facilitated by the 2 Point Touch Pad.

Keys / Switches

PS button, SHARE button, OPTIONS button, Directional buttons (Up/Down/Left/Right), Action buttons (Triangle, Circle, Cross, Square), R1/L1/R2/L2, Left stick / L3 button, Right stick / R3 button, Touch Pad Button.

Touch Pad

2 Point Touch Pad, Click Mechanism, Capacitive Type

Storage
500 GB
Hard Disk

Installing games becomes effortless with the PS4's ability to store up to 500 GB of data.

Software
Gaming on the PS4 is made easier with the console's smart software.

Automatic Background Updates

Updates to the PlayStation 4 are downloaded and stored in the background, facilitating ease of use.

PlayAsYouDownload
Revolutionizing the gaming experience is the PlayAsYouDownload feature that allows you to play a game just as it starts downloading to your system.




View all 5 features
Media

The PS4 has the ability to read DVDs at the rate of 8 CAV and Blu-Ray Discs at 6 CAV, making gaming a crystal-clear, high-definition experience.